Rename structures, restructure examples section, organize rst source files (#26)
eProsima/Integration-Service-docs: docs/examples/different_protocols/pubsub/examples_different_protocols_pubsub.rst

.. _examples_different_protocols_pubsub:

Publisher - Subscriber
======================

> This page gathers all the existing examples for *Integration Service* that connect different protocols

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page gathers all the *Integration Service* existing examples based on the **publisher - subcriber** paradigm that connect different protocols
```

Reviewer: And remove line 8
